data/data/com.termux/files/home/.config/fish/config.fish                         alienkrishn
data/data/com.termux/files/home/.config/fish/fish_variables                      alienkrishn
data/data/com.termux/files/home/.config/starship.toml                            alienkrishn
data/data/com.termux/files/home/.termux/colors.properties                        alienkrishn
data/data/com.termux/files/home/.termux/font.ttf                                 alienkrishn
data/data/com.termux/files/home/.termux/termux.properties                        alienkrishn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/alienkrishn                                   alienkrishn
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/alienx-brute                                  alienx-brute
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alienx/extra/pdf.py                         alienx-brute
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alienx/extra/zip.py                         alienx-brute
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alienx/hashes/md5.py                        alienx-brute
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alienx/hashes/ntlm.py                       alienx-brute
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alienx/hashes/sha1.py                       alienx-brute
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alienx/hashes/sha224.py                     alienx-brute
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alienx/hashes/sha256.py                     alienx-brute
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alienx/hashes/sha384.py                     alienx-brute
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alienx/hashes/sha512.py                     alienx-brute
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alienx/social/facebook.py                   alienx-brute
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alienx/social/gmail.py                      alienx-brute
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alienx/social/instagram.py                  alienx-brute
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/androdos                                      androdos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/androvirus                                    androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v0/Settings.apk                        androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v0/img.png                             androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v0/index.html                          androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v1/Agent.apk                           androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v1/img.png                             androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v1/index.html                          androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v2/AndroidFramework.apk                androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v2/img.png                             androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v2/index.html                          androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v3/ArtStation.apk                      androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v3/img.png                             androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v3/index.html                          androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v4/BadNews.apk                         androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v4/img.png                             androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v4/index.html                          androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v5/BrainTest.apk                       androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v5/img.png                             androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v5/index.html                          androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v6/Facebook-otp.apk                    androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v6/img.png                             androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v6/index.html                          androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v7/IWinOnline.apk                      androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v7/img.png                             androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v7/index.html                          androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v8/Minecraft_2_mod.apk                 androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v8/img.png                             androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v8/index.html                          androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v9/MusicPlayerAdware.apk               androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v9/img.png                             androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/.fxv/v9/index.html                          androvirus
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apktool                                       apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/beef                                          beef
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/bitb                                          bitb-framework
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/bitb-installer                                bitb-framework
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/byakugan                                      byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/About.html                  byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/css/server.css              byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/css/style.css               byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/help.html                   byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/img/logo.jpg                byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/img/logo.png                byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/index.html                  byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/loggerDummy                 byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/send/index.html             byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/send/js/info.js             byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/send/js/jquery3.3.1-jquery.min.js byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/send/js/location.js         byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/send/js/main.js             byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/send/js/particles2.0.0-particles.min.js byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/send/js/warpspeed.min.js    byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/send/php/error.php          byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/send/php/info.php           byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/send/php/result.php         byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/send/php/style.css          byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/send/style.css              byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/server.html                 byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/byakugan/assets/serverDummy                 byakugan
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cctvip                                        cctvip
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/cctvip.py                                   cctvip
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cupp                                          cupp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cupp.cfg                                      cupp
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/enctool                                       enctool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/helper                                        helper
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iginfobot                                     iginfobot
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/instainfo                                     instainfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipinfo                                        ipinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/iplookup                                      iplookup
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/local2onion                                   local2onion
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/locateme                                      locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/index.html                         locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/js/info.js                         locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/js/jquery3.3.1-jquery.min.js       locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/js/location.js                     locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/js/main.js                         locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/js/particles2.0.0-particles.min.js locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/js/warpspeed.min.js                locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/php/error.php                      locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/php/info.php                       locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/php/result.php                     locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/php/style.css                      locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/locateme/style.css                          locateme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/maskme                                        maskme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/msfconsole                                    metasploit-framework
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nethunter                                     nethunter
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/proot-distro/nhntr.sh                         nethunter
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/parrot-os                                     parrot-os
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/proot-distro/prrt.sh                          parrot-os
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/phoneinfo                                     phoneinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/powerdos                                      powerdos
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/shorturl                                      shorturl
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/.pylintrc                                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/html/index.html                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/README.txt                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/mssqlserver/activate_sp_oacreate.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/mssqlserver/configure_openrowset.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/mssqlserver/configure_xp_cmdshell.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/mssqlserver/create_new_xp_cmdshell.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/mssqlserver/disable_xp_cmdshell_2000.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/mssqlserver/dns_request.sql        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/mssqlserver/enable_xp_cmdshell_2000.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/mssqlserver/run_statement_as_user.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/mysql/dns_request.sql              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/mysql/write_file_limit.sql         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/oracle/dns_request.sql             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/oracle/read_file_export_extension.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/procs/postgresql/dns_request.sql         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/shell/README.txt                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/shell/backdoors/backdoor.asp_            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/shell/backdoors/backdoor.aspx_           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/shell/backdoors/backdoor.jsp_            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/shell/backdoors/backdoor.php_            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/shell/stagers/stager.asp_                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/shell/stagers/stager.aspx_               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/shell/stagers/stager.jsp_                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/shell/stagers/stager.php_                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/txt/common-columns.txt                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/txt/common-files.txt                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/txt/common-outputs.txt                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/txt/common-tables.txt                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/txt/keywords.txt                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/txt/smalldict.txt                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/txt/user-agents.txt                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/txt/wordlist.tx_                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/README.txt                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/mysql/linux/32/lib_mysqludf_sys.so_  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/mysql/linux/64/lib_mysqludf_sys.so_  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/mysql/windows/32/lib_mysqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/mysql/windows/64/lib_mysqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/10/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/11/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/8.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/8.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/8.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.0/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.1/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.5/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.6/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/10/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/11/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/12/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/8.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/8.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/8.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.0/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.1/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.5/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.6/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/windows/32/8.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/windows/32/8.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/windows/32/8.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/udf/postgresql/windows/32/9.0/lib_postgresqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/banner/generic.xml                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/banner/mssql.xml                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/banner/mysql.xml                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/banner/oracle.xml                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/banner/postgresql.xml                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/banner/server.xml                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/banner/servlet-engine.xml            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/banner/set-cookie.xml                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/banner/sharepoint.xml                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/banner/x-aspnet-version.xml          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/banner/x-powered-by.xml              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/boundaries.xml                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/errors.xml                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/payloads/boolean_blind.xml           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/payloads/error_based.xml             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/payloads/inline_query.xml            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/payloads/stacked_queries.xml         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/payloads/time_blind.xml              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/payloads/union_query.xml             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/data/xml/queries.xml                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/__init__.py                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/beep/__init__.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/beep/beep.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/beep/beep.wav                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/cloak/README.txt                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/cloak/__init__.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/cloak/cloak.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/dbgtool/README.txt                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/dbgtool/__init__.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/dbgtool/dbgtool.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/icmpsh/README.txt                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/icmpsh/__init__.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh-m.c                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh-m.pl                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh-s.c                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh.exe_                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh_m.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/runcmd/README.txt                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/runcmd/runcmd.exe_                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/runcmd/src/README.txt                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/runcmd/src/runcmd/runcmd.cpp            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/runcmd/src/runcmd/runcmd.vcproj         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/runcmd/src/runcmd/stdafx.cpp            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/runcmd/src/runcmd/stdafx.h              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/runcmd/src/runcmd.sln                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shellcodeexec/README.txt                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shellcodeexec/linux/shellcodeexec.x32_  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shellcodeexec/linux/shellcodeexec.x64_  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shellcodeexec/windows/shellcodeexec.x32.exe_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/autocompletion.sh               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/blanks.sh                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/drei.sh                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/duplicates.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/junk.sh                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/modernize.sh                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/newlines.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/postcommit-hook.sh              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/precommit-hook.sh               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/pycodestyle.sh                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/pydiatra.sh                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/pyflakes.sh                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/pylint.sh                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/pypi.sh                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/recloak.sh                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/shutils/strip.sh                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/vulnserver/__init__.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/extra/vulnserver/vulnserver.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/__init__.py                               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/controller/__init__.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/controller/action.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/controller/checks.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/controller/controller.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/controller/handler.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/__init__.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/agent.py                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/bigarray.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/common.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/compat.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/convert.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/data.py                              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/datatype.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/decorators.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/defaults.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/dicts.py                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/dump.py                              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/enums.py                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/exception.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/gui.py                               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/log.py                               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/option.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/optiondict.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/patch.py                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/profiling.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/readlineng.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/replication.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/revision.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/session.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/settings.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/shell.py                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/subprocessng.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/target.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/testing.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/threads.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/unescaper.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/update.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/core/wordlist.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/parse/__init__.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/parse/banner.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/parse/cmdline.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/parse/configfile.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/parse/handler.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/parse/headers.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/parse/html.py                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/parse/payloads.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/parse/sitemap.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/__init__.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/basic.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/basicauthhandler.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/chunkedhandler.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/comparison.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/connect.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/direct.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/dns.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/httpshandler.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/inject.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/methodrequest.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/pkihandler.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/rangehandler.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/redirecthandler.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/request/templates.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/takeover/__init__.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/takeover/abstraction.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/takeover/icmpsh.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/takeover/metasploit.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/takeover/registry.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/takeover/udf.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/takeover/web.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/takeover/xp_cmdshell.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/techniques/__init__.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/techniques/blind/__init__.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/techniques/blind/inference.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/techniques/dns/__init__.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/techniques/dns/test.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/techniques/dns/use.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/techniques/error/__init__.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/techniques/error/use.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/techniques/union/__init__.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/techniques/union/test.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/techniques/union/use.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/__init__.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/api.py                              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/brute.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/crawler.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/deps.py                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/getch.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/har.py                              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/hash.py                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/hashdb.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/httpd.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/pivotdumptable.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/progress.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/purge.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/safe2bin.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/search.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/sgmllib.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/sqlalchemy.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/timeout.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/versioncheck.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lib/utils/xrange.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/__init__.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/__init__.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/access/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/access/connector.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/access/enumeration.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/access/filesystem.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/access/fingerprint.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/access/syntax.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/access/takeover.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/altibase/__init__.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/altibase/connector.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/altibase/enumeration.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/altibase/filesystem.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/altibase/fingerprint.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/altibase/syntax.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/altibase/takeover.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cache/__init__.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cache/connector.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cache/enumeration.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cache/filesystem.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cache/fingerprint.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cache/syntax.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cache/takeover.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/clickhouse/__init__.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/clickhouse/connector.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/clickhouse/enumeration.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/clickhouse/filesystem.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/clickhouse/fingerprint.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/clickhouse/syntax.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/clickhouse/takeover.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cratedb/__init__.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cratedb/connector.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cratedb/enumeration.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cratedb/filesystem.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cratedb/fingerprint.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cratedb/syntax.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cratedb/takeover.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cubrid/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cubrid/connector.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cubrid/enumeration.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cubrid/filesystem.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cubrid/fingerprint.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cubrid/syntax.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/cubrid/takeover.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/db2/__init__.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/db2/connector.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/db2/enumeration.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/db2/filesystem.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/db2/fingerprint.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/db2/syntax.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/db2/takeover.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/derby/__init__.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/derby/connector.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/derby/enumeration.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/derby/filesystem.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/derby/fingerprint.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/derby/syntax.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/derby/takeover.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/extremedb/__init__.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/extremedb/connector.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/extremedb/enumeration.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/extremedb/filesystem.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/extremedb/fingerprint.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/extremedb/syntax.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/extremedb/takeover.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/firebird/__init__.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/firebird/connector.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/firebird/enumeration.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/firebird/filesystem.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/firebird/fingerprint.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/firebird/syntax.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/firebird/takeover.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/frontbase/__init__.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/frontbase/connector.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/frontbase/enumeration.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/frontbase/filesystem.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/frontbase/fingerprint.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/frontbase/syntax.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/frontbase/takeover.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/h2/__init__.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/h2/connector.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/h2/enumeration.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/h2/filesystem.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/h2/fingerprint.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/h2/syntax.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/h2/takeover.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/connector.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/enumeration.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/filesystem.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/fingerprint.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/syntax.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/takeover.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/informix/__init__.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/informix/connector.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/informix/enumeration.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/informix/filesystem.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/informix/fingerprint.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/informix/syntax.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/informix/takeover.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/maxdb/__init__.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/maxdb/connector.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/maxdb/enumeration.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/maxdb/filesystem.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/maxdb/fingerprint.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/maxdb/syntax.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/maxdb/takeover.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mckoi/__init__.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mckoi/connector.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mckoi/enumeration.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mckoi/filesystem.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mckoi/fingerprint.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mckoi/syntax.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mckoi/takeover.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mimersql/__init__.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mimersql/connector.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mimersql/enumeration.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mimersql/filesystem.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mimersql/fingerprint.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mimersql/syntax.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mimersql/takeover.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/monetdb/__init__.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/monetdb/connector.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/monetdb/enumeration.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/monetdb/filesystem.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/monetdb/fingerprint.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/monetdb/syntax.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/monetdb/takeover.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/__init__.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/connector.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/enumeration.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/filesystem.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/fingerprint.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/syntax.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/takeover.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mysql/__init__.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mysql/connector.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mysql/enumeration.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mysql/filesystem.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mysql/fingerprint.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mysql/syntax.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/mysql/takeover.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/oracle/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/oracle/connector.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/oracle/enumeration.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/oracle/filesystem.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/oracle/fingerprint.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/oracle/syntax.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/oracle/takeover.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/postgresql/__init__.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/postgresql/connector.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/postgresql/enumeration.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/postgresql/filesystem.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/postgresql/fingerprint.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/postgresql/syntax.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/postgresql/takeover.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/presto/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/presto/connector.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/presto/enumeration.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/presto/filesystem.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/presto/fingerprint.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/presto/syntax.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/presto/takeover.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/raima/__init__.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/raima/connector.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/raima/enumeration.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/raima/filesystem.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/raima/fingerprint.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/raima/syntax.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/raima/takeover.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sqlite/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sqlite/connector.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sqlite/enumeration.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sqlite/filesystem.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sqlite/fingerprint.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sqlite/syntax.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sqlite/takeover.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sybase/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sybase/connector.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sybase/enumeration.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sybase/filesystem.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sybase/fingerprint.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sybase/syntax.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/sybase/takeover.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/vertica/__init__.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/vertica/connector.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/vertica/enumeration.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/vertica/filesystem.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/vertica/fingerprint.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/vertica/syntax.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/vertica/takeover.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/virtuoso/__init__.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/virtuoso/connector.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/virtuoso/enumeration.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/virtuoso/filesystem.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/virtuoso/fingerprint.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/virtuoso/syntax.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/dbms/virtuoso/takeover.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/generic/__init__.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/generic/connector.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/generic/custom.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/generic/databases.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/generic/entries.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/generic/enumeration.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/generic/filesystem.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/generic/fingerprint.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/generic/misc.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/generic/search.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/generic/syntax.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/generic/takeover.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/plugins/generic/users.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sqlmap                                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sqlmap.conf                                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sqlmapapi.py                                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sqlmapapi.yaml                                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/0eunion.py                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/__init__.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/apostrophemask.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/apostrophenullencode.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/appendnullbyte.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/base64encode.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/between.py                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/binary.py                              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/bluecoat.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/chardoubleencode.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/charencode.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/charunicodeencode.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/charunicodeescape.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/commalesslimit.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/commalessmid.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/commentbeforeparentheses.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/concat2concatws.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/decentities.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/dunion.py                              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/equaltolike.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/equaltorlike.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/escapequotes.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/greatest.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/halfversionedmorekeywords.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/hex2char.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/hexentities.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/htmlencode.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/if2case.py                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/ifnull2casewhenisnull.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/ifnull2ifisnull.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/informationschemacomment.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/least.py                               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/lowercase.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/luanginx.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/misunion.py                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/modsecurityversioned.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/modsecurityzeroversioned.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/multiplespaces.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/ord2ascii.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/overlongutf8.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/overlongutf8more.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/percentage.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/plus2concat.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/plus2fnconcat.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/randomcase.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/randomcomments.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/schemasplit.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/scientific.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/sleep2getlock.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/sp_password.py                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/space2comment.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/space2dash.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/space2hash.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/space2morecomment.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/space2morehash.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/space2mssqlblank.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/space2mssqlhash.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/space2mysqlblank.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/space2mysqldash.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/space2plus.py                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/space2randomblank.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/substring2leftright.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/symboliclogical.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/unionalltounion.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/unmagicquotes.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/uppercase.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/varnish.py                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/versionedkeywords.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/versionedmorekeywords.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tamper/xforwardedfor.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/__init__.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/ansistrm/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/ansistrm/ansistrm.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/beautifulsoup/__init__.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/beautifulsoup/beautifulsoup.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/bottle/__init__.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/bottle/bottle.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/__init__.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/big5freq.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/big5prober.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/chardistribution.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/charsetgroupprober.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/charsetprober.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/codingstatemachine.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/compat.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/cp949prober.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/enums.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/escprober.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/escsm.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/eucjpprober.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/euckrfreq.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/euckrprober.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/euctwfreq.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/euctwprober.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/gb2312freq.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/gb2312prober.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/hebrewprober.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/jisfreq.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/jpcntx.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/langbulgarianmodel.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/langcyrillicmodel.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/langgreekmodel.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/langhebrewmodel.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/langhungarianmodel.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/langthaimodel.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/langturkishmodel.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/latin1prober.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/mbcharsetprober.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/mbcsgroupprober.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/mbcssm.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/sbcharsetprober.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/sbcsgroupprober.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/sjisprober.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/universaldetector.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/utf8prober.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/chardet/version.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/clientform/__init__.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/clientform/clientform.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/colorama/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/colorama/ansi.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/colorama/ansitowin32.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/colorama/initialise.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/colorama/win32.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/colorama/winterm.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/fcrypt/__init__.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/fcrypt/fcrypt.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/identywaf/LICENSE                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/identywaf/__init__.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/identywaf/data.json                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/identywaf/identYwaf.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/keepalive/__init__.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/keepalive/keepalive.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/magic/__init__.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/magic/magic.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/multipart/__init__.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/multipart/multipartpost.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/odict/__init__.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/odict/ordereddict.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/prettyprint/__init__.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/prettyprint/prettyprint.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/pydes/__init__.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/pydes/pyDes.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/six/__init__.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/socks/LICENSE                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/socks/__init__.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/socks/socks.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/termcolor/__init__.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/termcolor/termcolor.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/wininetpton/__init__.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/thirdparty/wininetpton/win_inet_pton.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dpl4hydra                                     thc-hydra
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/hydra                                         thc-hydra
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/hydra-wizard                                  thc-hydra
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pw-inspector                                  thc-hydra
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/dpl4hydra_full.csv                            thc-hydra
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/dpl4hydra_local.csv                           thc-hydra
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/xhydra.desktop                 thc-hydra
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/hydra.1.gz                         thc-hydra
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/pw-inspector.1.gz                  thc-hydra
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/xhydra.1.gz                        thc-hydra
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pixmaps/xhydra.png                          thc-hydra
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/thc-hydra/LICENSE                       thc-hydra
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/webinfo                                       webinfo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/webserver                                     webserver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/websploit-installer                           websploit
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/zphisher                                      zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/01-bug-report.yml zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/02-broken-page.yml zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/03-feature-request.yml zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.github/misc/logo.png                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.github/misc/workflow.gif            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.github/workflows/docker.yml         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.github/workflows/lock.yml           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.github/workflows/release.yml        zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/adobe/bg.jpg                  zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/adobe/favicon.ico             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/adobe/index.php               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/adobe/login.html              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/adobe/login.php               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/adobe/logo.svg                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/badoo/favicon.ico             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/badoo/index.php               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/badoo/login.html              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/badoo/login.php               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/badoo/logo.svg                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/deviantart/index.php          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/deviantart/login.html         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/deviantart/login.php          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/discord/6c6374bad0b0b6d204d8d6dc4a18d820.woff zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/discord/LICENSE               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/discord/banner.png            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/discord/e8acd7d9bf6207f99350ca9f9e23b168.woff zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/discord/fav.ico               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/discord/index.php             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/discord/login.html            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/discord/login.php             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/discord/qr.png                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/discord/script.js             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/discord/style.css             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/dropbox/favicon.ico           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/dropbox/index.php             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/dropbox/login.html            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/dropbox/login.php             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/dropbox/mobile.html           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ebay/favicon.ico              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ebay/index.php                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ebay/login.html               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ebay/login.php                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ebay/logo.png                 zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/facebook/LICENSE              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/facebook/README.md            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/facebook/hsts-pixel.gif       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/facebook/index.php            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/facebook/login.html           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/facebook/login.php            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/facebook/logo.svg             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/facebook/mobile.html          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/facebook/script.js            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/facebook/style.css            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_advanced/index.php         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_advanced/login.html        zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_advanced/login.php         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_advanced/login2.html       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_advanced/result.html       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_messenger/index.php        zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_messenger/login.html       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_messenger/login.php        zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_security/fb-ico.png        zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_security/index.php         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_security/login.html        zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_security/login.php         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_security/logo.png          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/fb_security/style.css         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/github/index.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/github/login.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/github/login.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/gitlab/index.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/gitlab/login.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/gitlab/login.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/google/avatar.png             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/google/google.png             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/google/index.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/google/login.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/google/login.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/google_new/index.php          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/google_new/login.html         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/google_new/login.php          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/google_poll/index.php         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/google_poll/login.html        zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/google_poll/login.php         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/google_poll/login2.html       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/google_poll/result.html       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ig_followers/index.php        zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ig_followers/login.html       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ig_followers/login.php        zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ig_verify/index.php           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ig_verify/login.html          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ig_verify/login.php           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ig_verify/login2.html         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ig_verify/login2.php          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ig_verify/login3.html         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/insta_followers/index.php     zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/insta_followers/login.html    zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/insta_followers/login.php     zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/badge_android_english-en.png zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/badge_ios_english-en.png zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/favicon.png         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/home-phones.png     zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/home-phones@2x.png  zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/index.php           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/login.html          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/login.php           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/screenshot1.jpg     zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/screenshot2.jpg     zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/screenshot3.jpg     zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/screenshot4.jpg     zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/screenshot5.jpg     zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/sprite_core_2x_bcd90c1d4868.png zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/instagram/sprite_core_32f0a4f27407.png zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/ip.php                        zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/linkedin/favicon.ico          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/linkedin/index.php            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/linkedin/login.html           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/linkedin/login.php            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/linkedin/style.css            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/mediafire/favicon.ico         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/mediafire/index.php           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/mediafire/login.html          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/mediafire/login.php           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/ConvergedLoginPaginatedStrings.EN.js zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/ConvergedLoginPaginatedStrings.js zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/ConvergedLogin_PCore.js zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/Converged_v21033.css zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/Converged_v21033.css2 zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/boot.css            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/boot.js             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/boot_002.js         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/boot_003.js         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/boot_004.js         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/ellipsis_grey.svg   zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/ellipsis_white.svg  zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/index.php           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/login.html          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/login.php           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/microsoft_logo.svg  zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/prefetch.html       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/sprite1.css         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/microsoft/sprite1.png         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/netflix/FB-f-Logo__blue_57.png zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/netflix/index.php             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/netflix/login.html            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/netflix/login.php             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/netflix/none.css              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/netflix/none.js               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/netflix/none_002.js           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/netflix/sdk.js                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/netflix/xaOI6zd9HW9.html      zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/EA_Origin_Lockup_Black.png zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/analytics.js           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/api.js                 zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/css.css                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/iframe_api.js          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/index.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/jquery-1.js            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/jquery.js              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/jquery_002.js          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/jquery_003.js          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/jquery_004.js          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/login.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/login.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/originX-pc-common.css  zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/originX-pc-login.css   zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/otk.css                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/recaptcha__en.js       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/sha.js                 zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/utag.js                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/utag_002.js            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/origin/www-widgetapi.js       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/paypal/favicon.ico            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/paypal/index.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/paypal/login.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/paypal/login.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/pinterest/favicon.png         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/pinterest/index.php           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/pinterest/login.html          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/pinterest/login.php           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/pinterest/mobile.html         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/0a674de1f2362e0247eec6e1d770e zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/S9fUSTxhhOdrtoorjI9LLu91aXsPVT7Js_3UUxt2SGg.js.download zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/anchor.html       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/api.js.download   zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/bframe.html       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/button_icon_password_off.png zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/index.php         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/kekka-22361ea3e8890b95e7b006a784440d01.css zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/kekka-6225c71c3ba0a25429287cf2bec55f12.js.download zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/loading.png       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/loading_base.png  zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/login.html        zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/login.php         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/logo_playstation.png zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/pc-7cc7759e91c65baf3b78fd4eb4402c4f.css zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/recaptcha__en_gb.js.download zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/saved_resource    zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/saved_resource(1) zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/siews1lib.js.download zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/sony_logo.png     zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/styles__ltr.css   zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/ua-parser.min-03f60cd2f499bace751d5136d4fc67d4.js.download zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/unifiedfooter.en-gb.js.download zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/vendor-05c320ffd8d18cdbde15fa028ff545b7.js.download zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/vendor-571d67531622102402268bd2c623c17f.css zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/playstation/wallpaper.jpg     zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/protonmail/bg.jpg             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/protonmail/favicon.ico        zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/protonmail/index.php          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/protonmail/login.html         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/protonmail/login.php          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/quora/-4-chunk.web.main.js.out-34-ee935e0e4fc8f76d.webpack zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/quora/-4-main.css-27-d85df81eef715f06.css zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/quora/-4-web.entry.js.out-34-8f7d03da0b7a24ae.webpack zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/quora/anchor.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/quora/bframe.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/quora/client_platform.js.download zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/quora/iframe.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/quora/index.php               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/quora/login.html              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/quora/login.php               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/quora/saved_resource.html     zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/reddit/art.png                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/reddit/favicon.png            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/reddit/index.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/reddit/login.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/reddit/login.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/reddit/mobile.html            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/roblox/favicon.ico            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/roblox/index.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/roblox/login.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/roblox/login.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/snapchat/favicon.png          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/snapchat/icon.svg             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/snapchat/index.php            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/snapchat/login.html           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/snapchat/login.php            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/spotify/favicon.ico           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/spotify/index.php             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/spotify/login.html            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/spotify/login.php             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/stackoverflow/favicon.ico     zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/stackoverflow/index.php       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/stackoverflow/login.html      zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/stackoverflow/login.php       zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/steam/1.jpg                   zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/steam/2.jpg                   zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/steam/favicon.ico             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/steam/index.php               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/steam/join.png                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/steam/login.html              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/steam/login.php               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/tiktok/index.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/tiktok/jquery.min.js          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/tiktok/jscript.js             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/tiktok/login.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/tiktok/login.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/tiktok/logo.png               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/tiktok/sadflix.ttf            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/tiktok/style.css              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/twitch/favicon.png            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/twitch/index.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/twitch/login.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/twitch/login.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/twitter/index.php             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/twitter/login.html            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/twitter/login.php             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk/favicon.png                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk/index.php                  zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk/login.html                 zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk/login.php                  zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk_poll/counter.gif           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk_poll/hit.gif               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk_poll/index.php             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk_poll/login.html            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk_poll/login.php             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk_poll/login2.html           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk_poll/p.gif                 zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk_poll/result.html           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk_poll/s_c.js                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk_poll/s_cfmxw.css           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk_poll/s_yzgt.css            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk_poll/s_z.js                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/vk_poll/top_logo.png          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/wordpress/favicon.ico         zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/wordpress/index.php           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/wordpress/login.html          zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/wordpress/login.php           zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/xbox/index.php                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/xbox/login.php                zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/xbox/pass.php                 zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/yahoo/index.php               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/yahoo/login.html              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/yahoo/login.php               zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/yahoo/mobile.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/yahoo/yahoo_en-US_f_p_bestfit_2x.png zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/yandex/index.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/yandex/login.html             zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/.sites/yandex/login.php              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/LICENSE                              zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/README.md                            zphisher
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/zphisher/zphisher.sh                          zphisher
